Hi.
We didn't do a lecture we're going to take care of our problems like not making us come back to control
comptroller lists we have comptroller and adding the data automatically to our table view and the re
going to customize our pin views so that we can add a navigation bottom to our pin views.
Okay.
So in order to add the data to our table view regarding to use the notification center in the controller
like we did before in the previous section remember we can use notification center center here in order
to send a message to the whole app then we can observe this message from anywhere we want in the app
so that we can trigger an action.
So let's go for it.
Let's go.
Notification center dot default dot past and choose the one with the name and the object.
And actually we don't even need an object so we going to call this Neal afterwords.
But for right now I'm going to open parentheses and in the row value I'm gonna say name place and the
object will be nil.
Okay.
I'm just I just want to send a new place message to the whole app so that I can come over my list.
We have controller and then observed this message.
And if I see the need place message then I can trigger some function and the function that I will be
triggering is to getting data from the core data.
And in here I can just say navigation controller dots POP V controller and the animated will be true.
So this will bring me back to my list view controller and in the list view controller we had to check
for this message but remember we cannot do that in the we did load because we did load only gets called
once.
So I'm going to go for we will appear as usual and in here I'm going to go for a notification center
one more time dot default and rather than posting I'm just observing this sign.
So I'm going to choose this ad observer which has the parameters of observer selector name and object
so observable observer will be s and selector will be as selector function.
Okay I'm going to give get data function we already have that in here all I have to use add at objective
seen here and in the name of course I'm going to go for ad plays.
This has to be exactly the same as we have written before.
So new place.
Okay.
And the object will be nil.
So this will observe this message whenever it gets displayed to the user.
So whenever it sees this it will trigger the get data function.
So let's go and try one.
Let's change the location.
Okay let's go for 48.
So let's say Okay and let's hit on the ad button and I want to come over here to Notre Dame Cathedral.
OK and zoom in a little bit.
And for the name I'm going to go for not rhythm.
And for the notes let's just say cancel the rule.
OK.
And then we can hold on here for cheese seconds and will add my pin which we are going to customize
later on.
And here we go and I say save it saves the Notre Dame and we can actually come and look at it later
on.
So our app is working as it's supposed to be.
And all we have to do is just add a navigation button to our pin view so we can call the navigation
when we click on the ad button it still brings us to the current location of the user which is around
here.
So far so good.
Now I believe it's working fine.
We can see the selected places it's centers around the selected place it doesn't take us to any other
place so it's definitely stopping the location manager and it's not of dating the location.
So we are seeing everything.
So now we have to customize this pin to add a button to the right side of the pin so that when we click
on it it will bring a navigation to the selected place.
So how do we do that.
Of course we have a prayer built in function for data as well.
We have a function for customizing the pins.
We can use that function in order to design our pins so that if we want a bottom on the pin we can add
it if we want to display a message in the pin we can display it.
So let me show you how it goes.
Let me go under it is location manager so if you right.
We have four annotation.
Yeah.
That's the one we're looking for.
OK.
View for annotation.
So as you can see it asks us to return on M.K. annotation view and it gives us an annotation.
So we're going to use all of these parameters to create our own pin view.
So what we're going to do we going to create a variable here.
OK.
And this will be our pin view.
So let me create this with var and we're going to drive this from the map view.
And if you say map you that's De Q Okay.
Q reusable annotation view.
So that's the way that's the way we want with identifier.
We don't even need the four you can just go for the first one.
We just want the one with identifier.
So this will ask us an identifier and you can write whatever you want to write in here.
Let's create an identifier string in here because it will ask us for a couple of times.
Let's say that this is reuse idea for example.
And I'm just going to called is my invitation and if you want you can call this anything you want as
long as you just reuse it anytime you asked for I.D..
I'm going to optionally cast this as M.K. on notation view.
I'm not M.K. annotation of you M.K. pin on notation v OK and it will ask me for to return on M.K. annotation
view but I'm just going to return on M.K. pin annotation view and don't worry that's OK if you say return
pin V right now even though pin view is an M K peanut notation view it will be okay because they're
practically the same thing.
OK now we have created our pin view but we need to make sure to set this up before we go on and return
this pin view.
OK first thing to check if this pin view is an user location pin V1.
If it's the case I'm not going to return anything because I don't want to pin my user's location.
So a way to do that is just say if a notation is M.K. user on notation and by a notation I'm referring
the annotation that are that is given to me is within the function.
Okay.
And as you can see M.K. user location defines the user's location so if that's the case I'm just going
to return nil I don't want to pinpoint anything regarding my User's location I just want to show a pin
in the selected place.
OK so I'm just going to do this here if that's the case I'm returning nil and if that's not the case
I'm returning my pin view and underpin view let's go for it let's change the pin view first I'm going
to check to see pin view is nil if pin view is nil I'm going to assign some values to it and if that's
not the if that's not the case I'm just going to return the annotation that is given to me.
So what do I mean.
I'm just going to create my pin view as M.K. pin annotation view and will ask me for an annotation and
that's the annotation that I want to give you.
OK.
And the reuse identifier will be the one that I have created before.
It doesn't matter as long as you use the same reuse identifier in both of this pin views.
OK if we always know I'm creating a new one as you can see and in here I can say can show call out.
So this is a boolean indicating whether the annotation view is able to display an extra information.
So that's what we want.
We're going to display an extra button on the right hand side of our pin view.
So that will be true.
And in here actually we can change the other attributes of the pin view itself.
For example we can change the color of the pin view if we want like you can just go over and hear say
pin we've got tint color is you eye color dots black red blue whatever you want.
OK.
So after doing that I believe we should not waste time or changing any other pin view attributes like
color or something.
OK.
We can go ahead to add our button to the right hand side of our pin view and in order to do that I I
just have to create button in here with code.
So you know how to do that you can just say let button is a UI button OK.
If you open parentheses it will ask you for a type in here if you hit enter and hit dot you will see
some other types.
I want detailed disclosure so you will see what I mean by detailed disclosure.
It's kind of an eye I can standing for information.
And if you say pin me your daughter right.
Call out accessory view.
You can make it equal to bottom so right.
Call out accessory view is the way that we are looking for.
Else if being view is not even nil then it means that I can just come over here and say pinwheel that
annotation is the annotation that is given me within the function.
So that's it.
I know it's kind of complicated for you right now because it's the first time you're seeing this if
you just take a look at the code.
It's not even complicated.
You're just creating a pin view.
And here you go.
Now we have our pin view in the Notre Dame Cather.
So if you click on this pin view it will display this right.
Call out accessory view and it's a disclosure button detailed disclosure by them so we can click on
this.
Of course nothing happens right then because we haven't written it yet but this is the detailed disclosure
button and we have written all of these codes in order to add this button to our pin views.
And in order to show you exactly how to customize a pin view if you need one any day.
So let's stop here.
And within the next lecture we're going to add navigation by me click on that button.